---
title: 2024 New Year news roundup
author: Daniel Keedy
layout: pages
group: news
---

Is it too late to say Happy new Year? ... Let's just get on with the update:

Daniel gave talks at the Protein Society meeting in Boston (his first time attending!) and ACS in San Francisco (albeit only remotely, unfortunately).
Virgil and Shivani attended Protein Society too.

Liliana, Shivani, and Ali attended the IUCr Congress in Melbourne, where [Liliana won a poster prize](https://www.wwpdb.org/news/news?year=2023#651f195cd78e004e766a96ad)!
Liliana also attended the CADD GRS.

I forgot to mention last time, but Virgil won a 2023 Doctoral Student Research Grant (DSRG) of $1,200 from the CUNY Graduate Center to attend the Medicinal Chemistry GRC. Congrats, Virgil!

2023 was also a banner year for lab papers.
Check out [our publications page](https://keedylab.org/publications/) for all the details.
Congrats to current lab members including Shivani, Tamar, Liliana, Ali, and Akshay!
Also congrats to former lab members including Blake and summer undergraduate Minyoung "Lily" Kim!
2024 is already shaping up nicely as well, including 2023 preprints that were accepted to journals in 2024, and new 2024 preprints.
More to come soon... 

On the grants front, we're happy to be part of a DOE Biopreparedness Research Virtual Environment aka [BRaVE grant led by Aina Cohen at SLAC National Lab](https://www6.slac.stanford.edu/news/2023-09-07-doe-awards-slac-led-research-team-12-million-help-improve-response-time-dangerous). 
Should be a lot of fun to work with a national team to put together structural biology tools for accelerating drug design at synchrotrons -- you never know when the next COVID-* will hit!

Overall, '024 will be year of comings and goings, with several folks who will graduate soon (or have recently graduated) and move on to greener pastures.
Such is the way of thngs in academia!
More details to come later this year.

Finally, for the short term at least, Daniel is in social media limbo between the old (X/Twitter) and the new (Bluesky) -- you can find him on the latter as dkeedy... (Ask him for an invite code if you need one!)